feat: Resources for learning Rust for ixa development (#412)
CDCgov/ixa: docs/book/src/appendix_rust/rust-resources.md

are less emphasized. Below, we include sections of the book that are particularly important.

1. [Chapter 5: Structs](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch05-00-structs.html): If you are new to
object-oriented programming, this chapter introduces the "object-oriented"-ness of Rust. Rust has
elements of both an object-oriented and functional programming language, but structs come up often
when writing an ixa model, and thinking about ixa as being an object-oriented framework is useful
for evaluating the kinds of data you need in your model and how to use the data.

2. [Chapter 6: Enums](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch06-00-enums.html): Enums, match statements,
and storing data in enum variants are all distinctly Rust patterns. If you have previously worked
with Haskell or OCaml, these objects may be familiar to you. Nevertheless, enums come up frequently
in ixa, in particular with person properties (e.g., a person's infection status is a value of an
enum with variants `Susceptible`, `Infected`, `Recovered`), and seeing how you can store information
in each of these variants helps modelers understand how to best store the data they need for their
particular use case.

> 3. [Chapter 10, Section 2: Traits](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch10-02-traits.html): _If you read_

Author: Does this revised version require too much Ixa-specific knowledge? `Context`, `Property`, `Event`, etc. I also fear that this paragraph jumps ahead a bit since there isn't yet a well-defined `ixa-epi` library crate.

_only one section, let this be it._ Traits are the cornerstone of ixa's modular nature. They are
used in at least two ways throughout the ixa codebase: (i) methods are implemented on top of
`Context` as part of a trait -- such as methods relating to people and their properties being
implemented through the `ContextPeopleExt` trait extension -- and (ii) ixa defines traits that the
user implements in their own modeling code. For example, `PersonProperty` is a trait that the user
implements through calls to the `define_person_property!` macro, and `ixa-epi` defines a
`TransmissionModifier` trait that a user implements when writing their own intervention. Rust traits
are a supercharged version of interfaces in other programming languages, and thinking in traits will
help you write modular ixa code.

4. [Chapter 13, Section 1: Closures](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch13-01-closures.html): Ixa often
requires the user to specify a function that gets executed in the future. This chapter goes over the

> mechanics for how anonymous functions are specified in Rust. Although the syntax is not challenging,
> this chapter shows how closures interact with other aspects of Rust, such as the ownership model,
> and therefore how you can write the most useful code that depends on closures (which ixa calls a
> callback in the documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mechanics for how anonymous functions are specified in Rust. Although the syntax is not challenging,
this chapter discusses capturing and moving values, inference, and other concepts which may be less
obvious. You may see the word "callback" referred to in the Ixa documentation, which
includes anonymous functions like event handlers and ordered plans. 
```

In addition, [Chapter 19: Patterns](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch19-00-patterns.html) reiterates
the power of enum variants and the `match` statement in Rust. If you find yourself writing more
advanced Rust code, Chapters [9: Error Handling](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch09-00-error-handling.html),
[18: Object-oriented programming](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch18-00-oop.html), and
[20: Advanced Features](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch20-00-advanced-features.html) include
helpful tips as you dive into more complicated ixa development.

If you find yourself writing more analysis-focused code in Rust, Chapters [9: Error Handling](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch09-00-error-handling.html) and [13.2: Iterators](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/ch13-02-iterators.html)
include helpful tools for writing code reminiscent of Python.

### On Ownership

> Rust's signature feature is its ownership rules. Many of the details of ownership are taken care of
> by the ixa framework, meaning ixa users are often abstracted from Rust ownership challenges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust's signature feature is its ownership rules. We tried to design Ixa to handle ownership in such a way that users would rarely have to think about it.
```

Nevertheless, understanding ownership rules is valuable for debugging more complicated ixa code and
understanding what you can and cannot do in Rust. There are excellent resources for understanding
Rust's ownership rules available [online](https://educatedguesswork.org/posts/memory-management-4/),
but at a high-level, here are the key ideas to understand:

1. When a function takes an object as input, it is taking ownership of that object -- meaning that
the object is "consumed" by the function and does not exist after the calling of that function.
    - This is true for all types except those that implement the `Copy` trait. All primitive types --
    such as floats, integers, booleans, etc. -- implement the `Copy` trait, meaning that this
    rule is really only felt with vectors and hashmaps.
2. References (`&Object`) allow functions to have access to the object without taking ownership of it.
Therefore, it's often useful to return a reference to an object without giving up ownership of the
object, such as when there's data that's owned by `Context`.
3. There are two kinds of references -- mutable references `&mut Object` and immutable references

> `&Object`. There is no limit to the number of immutable references to an object that can be active

Reviewer: This is a little unclear here – I think you should also emphasize you can either have multiple immutable references OR a single mutable reference, but not both

(i.e., returned from a function), or you can take a mutable reference to an object, and you can only
ever have one mutable reference that is active within a function at a time.

> In practice, #3 often requires the most troubleshooting to get around. Sometimes, a reorg of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, #3 often requires the most troubleshooting to get around. Sometimes, a refactor of your
```
```suggestion
In practice, #3 often requires the most troubleshooting to get around. Sometimes, a reorg of your
```
